README.md, before:

About
=====

Cubes.js is a JavaScript framework for online analytical processing (OLAP) server Cubes - Slicer.

Cubes: http://databrewery.org/cubes.html
Server documentation: http://packages.python.org/cubes/server.html

Namespaces and object prototypes:

* cubes - top level namespace
* cubes.Server - Slicer server connection (based on root URL)
* cubes.Model - logical model
* cubes.Dimension
* cubes.Hierarchy
* cubes.Level
* cubes.Attribute

Not yet fully implemented:

* cubes.Browser - aggregation browser
* cubes.Cell - browsing context (has multiple cuts)
* cubes.PointCut

Not yet implemented:

* cubes.SetCut
* cubes.RangeCut

Note: This is my very first JavaScript code and I am learning the language while writing the framework. I
am accepting any constructive criticism how to make the code better.

Requirements
============

Squarespace's version of cubes.js does not require any external library, neither underscore.js nor jQuery.
However, to use the query() function or to fetch the model JSON, you must provide a jQuery-compatible ajax function
to the cubes.Server constructor.

Author
======

Stefan Urbanek, <stefan.urbanek@gmail.com>, @Stiivi, December 2011

Follow @DataBrewery on Twitter for updates.


License
=======

Cubes.js is licensed under MIT license with following addition:

    If your version of the Software supports interaction with it remotely through a computer network, the
    above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be accessible to all users.

Simply said, that if you use it as part of software as a service (SaaS) you have to provide the copyright notice in an about, legal info, credits or some similar kind of page or info box.

For full license see the LICENSE file.

Commit message:

added node package json, vows-based test, using slightly obfuscated model.json from cubes install.

README.md, after:

About
=====

Cubes.js is a JavaScript framework for online analytical processing (OLAP) server Cubes - Slicer.

Cubes: http://databrewery.org/cubes.html
Server documentation: http://packages.python.org/cubes/server.html

Namespaces and object prototypes:

* cubes - top level namespace
* cubes.Server - Slicer server connection (based on root URL)
* cubes.Model - logical model
* cubes.Dimension
* cubes.Hierarchy
* cubes.Level
* cubes.Attribute

Not yet fully implemented:

* cubes.Browser - aggregation browser
* cubes.Cell - browsing context (has multiple cuts)
* cubes.PointCut

Not yet implemented:

* cubes.SetCut
* cubes.RangeCut

Note: This is my very first JavaScript code and I am learning the language while writing the framework. I
am accepting any constructive criticism how to make the code better.

Requirements
============

Squarespace's version of cubes.js does not require any external library, neither underscore.js nor jQuery.
However, to use the query() function or to fetch the model JSON, you must provide a jQuery-compatible ajax function
to the cubes.Server constructor.

Tests
=====

Tests are provided in the test/ folder. Use node and the vows node module to run them:

    $ npm install
    $ node test/*.js

Author
======

Stefan Urbanek, <stefan.urbanek@gmail.com>, @Stiivi, December 2011

Follow @DataBrewery on Twitter for updates.


License
=======

Cubes.js is licensed under MIT license with following addition:

    If your version of the Software supports interaction with it remotely through a computer network, the
    above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be accessible to all users.

Simply said, that if you use it as part of software as a service (SaaS) you have to provide the copyright notice in an about, legal info, credits or some similar kind of page or info box.

For full license see the LICENSE file.
